Mr. Shen
Mr. Han
We are here today to sign a contract with Miss Zhao.
He never arrived
Did you not pay attention to our Star Entertainment?
That is to say, we, Mr. Shen, are busy
This time I can come in person
It's already given you enough face
He still doesn't know what's good
Do you not want to sign a contract with us?
How can it be like this with Tianxin Entertainment?
Cooperation with top domestic film and television companies
We'd love that.
You two, wait a moment here.
Our Mu Yan must be in a traffic jam.
Let's have a drink first
Director Zhou Shen
Excuse me.
I'm delayed
You two are weird
A beauty like Miss Zhao
How can we have the heart to blame it?
Mr. Shen, I know you are a busy person
Let's talk about the contract in advance today
Don't worry about the contract
Tell the truth
I am also a fan of Miss Zhao
I am fortunate to have you today
It really is a beautiful country
Beautiful
I respect Miss Zhao, sorry.
I'm not a big drinker.
I won't make a fool of myself in front of you
This was specially brought by Mr. Shen
Romani Kandy '86
2 million bottles
If Miss Zhao doesn't drink
That is not to give us Mr. Shen face
speechless
Good Mr. Shen
Then I'll toast you with this drink
Wish us a happy cooperation.
Happy cooperation
Ah, that Mr. Han
I have something to discuss with you.
Let's go out and talk
Hey
Let's have another drink